In this video you're going to learn how to enable monetization on your YouTube channel and to get started.
You want to go to YouTube dot com forward slash it can't underscore monetization.
And I will put the link in the description of his videos he can click directly through here and you
can see there is an application process for monetisation before you go ahead and start this.
I want to draw a couple of things to your attention.
So first of all you need at least 10000 views on your account to be approved for monetisation so you
can apply right away.
Now even if you're just getting started.
But to be approved all channels need at least 10 times in views.
So as well as that requirement for 10000 views there are a couple of other things that you should know
before you start into this process.
And the one is one thing and probably the major thing is how much money can you really make from YouTube
and enabling your videos from monetization.
Well the answer is quite not really that much to be honest and you need to be getting a huge amount
of views in order to make this a sustainable business.
You can see here I've come to influencer marketing hub dot com for slice their YouTube money calculator.
And even if you're getting 20000 views a day that's still only going to be earning you about maximum
$50 a day and that his monthly earnings of maybe 5500 and then 17000 dollars on a projected yearly revenue.
So that's almost six hundred thousand views per month to just be making $17000.
So really to make money from a YouTube channel you need to be getting massive amounts of views on a
regular basis.
And therefore for a business I wouldn't recommend that monetization is a big priority for them really
sending people back to sign up to your email list that you can sell to them later.
True product is a much more profitable way to use YouTube as a marketing channel.
So aside from revenue there are some other restrictions in terms of monetizing your videos.
And there are a couple of guidelines and information about them here in the right hand side which you
can check out in more detail if you want but really there are a couple of things that you should know
like if you have any cop copyrighted music in your videos they will not be able to be monetized.
You also cannot have controversial maybe racist or sexist or pornographic type videos because they won't
be monetized as well.
And YouTube has cracked down on the type of content recently that they are advertising on.
So it needs to be really family friendly.
You can be swearing too much or using copyrighted images or controversial topics etc..
So there's more information there.
But the key thing is there are certain limitations to this.
You need to have 10000 views.
You need to be getting a massive amount of views.
And in terms of the content it really needs to be from family friendly.
Now if you're happy with all those things well then go ahead and apply for that monetization and you
can really go through the steps here.
You'll have to set up a nonsense account which will really take the most amount of time but once you've
done that and gone through the steps you're going to really see a page like this where your monetization
is then enabled.
And if you want to enable or disable monetization on individual videos Well then you just come into
your video manager.
If you come into Eddas here and you can see here there's a monetisation tab under each video you can
monetize and enable monetisation if you want.
You can select the type of ads that you want.
You can even select when you want those ads to appear.
So you can say within the video where are the certain breaks where you don't mind if anon pops up.
So there's all sorts of personalization that you can do for each video here if you want to monetize
them.
Personally I don't bother because it's much more valuable for me to get the viewer onto an email list
where I could sell my product and get a much higher margin from and YouTube that way.
But it's up to you.
And now you know how to enable monetization if you want.
Once again come into YouTube dot.com hordes slash can't underscore monetisation.
And then you can enable monetization on or you can't if you want.